How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It narrowed it down to just the differences so you can focus on those lines only.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You get to see how the current code evolved and may explain why some of the choices were made. Comparing the changes to the commit comments also shows the intent of the commit versus the actual behaviour.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro
	You don’t have unnecessary changes that didn’t end up working out.
	Only intentional changes are committed so there will be less of them.
    Con
	You have to remember to commit the changes.
	You have to choose a stable point in the development to commit.
	Less frequent commits means rolling back to the previous version could undo a lot of work.
	Viewing larger commits makes it harder to test when a bug was introduced.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because people don’t use Google Docs this way. Typically each document is self contained whereas in code, documents are linked to each other so changes in one will affect other documents.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    If the commit comment accurately describes the change made, you can track down the changes made and the use diff to see them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Being able to restore to a working version provides a safety net to making changes. You can always go back or throw away your existing work if things don’t work out.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    My own projects
